Updates to the quickstarts (#1226)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/interfaces/jax.rst

JAX interface
=================

Born out of the autograd package, `JAX <https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>`_ is the
next generation of differentiable functional computation, adding support for powerful hardware

> accelerators like GPUs and TPUs via `XLA <https://www.tensorflow.org/xla>`_. In order to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accelerators like GPUs and TPUs via `XLA <https://www.tensorflow.org/xla>`_. To use
```
Unnecessary words

Using jax.jit on QNodes
-----------------------

To fully utilize the power and speed of JAX, you'll need to just-in-time compile your functions - a

> process called "jitting". If only expectation values are returned, the `@jax.jit` decorator can be

Author: ```suggestion
process called "jitting". If only expectation values are returned, the ``@jax.jit`` decorator can be
```

> on your QNode directly.

Reviewer 2: I thought you don't like the "you" in docs? :)

Author: 🤔 Let me rephrase this.

> To fully utilize the power and speed of JAX, you'll need to just-in-time compile your functions - a
> process called "jitting". If you're only taking expectation values, you can simply add the decorator
> on your QNode directly.

Author: ```suggestion
To fully utilize the power and speed of JAX, you'll need to just-in-time compile your functions - a
process called "jitting". If only expectation values are returned, the `@jax.jit` decorator can be
directly applied to the QNode.
```
